workplace in Tennessee became one of the
best-known thoroughbred breeding farms
in the world but the Specht story takes
us to a plantation just west of downtown
Nashville some of the famous horse names
associated with this place include
Iroquois embody Scotland now Kentucky
Derby winners can trace their lineage
all the way back to Bonnie Scotland
recent years and that brings them all
the way back to Tennessee founded in
1807 by John Harding Belle Meade started
initially with 250 acres purchased as
part of the old Natchez Road built in
federal style architecture Belle Meade
operated as a stud farm and offered
blacksmith services lumber and products
from the farm
famous people who boarded horses at
Belle Meade included former President
Andrew Jackson the portrait behind me is
of Andrew Jackson is an example of just
one of the many famous people that
boarded horses here at Belle Meade
including Sam Houston in 1839 John
Harding's son William G Harding managed
the plantation until 1883 in the 1850s
he was one of Tennessee's wealthiest men
he began turning the plantation into a
showplace of Greek Revival architecture
after he completed his new federal style
home he called it Belle Meade at that
time for the beautiful meadow that lay
between the log cabin which he started
his farm and and
which he had built and they'll need
means beautiful meadow both in French
and English during the Civil War William
Harding was imprisoned for arming and
equipping soldiers for the defense of
the south as a result his wife Elizabeth
McGavock managed the plantation in the
hundred and fifty people working there
during the Battle of Nashville as both
sides of the war fought on the front
lawn bullets pierced the large stone
columns of the mansion the bullet holes
can still be seen today after the Civil
War Bellamy plantations started to
become one of the best-known
thoroughbred breeding farms in the world
most of the 20th century Kentucky Derby
winners trace their lineage to Bonnie
Scotland in 2004 Kentucky Derby all 20
entries can trace their bloodlines back
to Bellamy plantation and the same could
be said for other years the state of
Tennessee purchased Belle Meade mansion
in 1953 along with 30 acres and eight
buildings they needed the property to
the preservation of Tennessee
antiquities thus making it historic site
by then the property had increased to
5,400 acres now Belle Meade is a sight
for tourists and spectators to come
visit
you can get all the fascinating stories
of Tennessee treasures in a magazine
with colorful pages and unique photos
you'll experience the treasures of the
state in print packed with trivia and
extra information you'll discover the
little-known facts about Tennessee's
history arts entertainment sports
general trivia and geography order your
subscription by visiting Tennessee
treasures dotnet just 18 dollars plus
shipping ahem